Siril Pattammady
September 13,2016
Section 01 
Lab Section 06
Statement: I collaborated with Harsh Patel (harsh3@umbc.edu) He helped me 
understand the assignment.

Question 1
1. Obtain all the authors last names from the single shelf of books
2. Initialize a variable “num” to represent a list from 1 to 26
3. Initialize a variable “char” where “char” equals the letters A through Z
 alphabetically
4. Create a list with all the last names of every author in the amount of books
 given.
5. If “num” list 1 equals “char” letter A then set last name of Author in list A.
  If not continue to next list until no last names remains.
6. Now every list(1-26)  should have a set of last names (A-Z)
7. Create a sublist within each list to make each list alphabetized.
8. If “num” list 1  equals “char” letter A then continue to the next letter ,if
 any, and look at the second letter. If letter equals A continue to the next
 last name. If not continue in alphabetical order (A-Z) through each name till
 organized.
9. Repeat step 8 with every list to ensure every list is in alphabetical order.
10. When all last names are check and organized compile “num” list 1-26 in order
 and begin placing all books on the shelf as “num” list 1-26 records.
11. Present the final organized shelf of books in alphabetical order by author's
 last name

Question 2

1.Obtain word from user
2.Initialize a variable “char” where “char” equals the letters A through Z
 alphabetically
3. Set variable x to equal word
4.Set variable “sec” to equal each section from A to Z in the dictionary
5.Check if “char” letter equals “sec” letter.
6. If word starts with A then go to section A if not go to next letter
 alphabetically
7.If word does start with A then use variable “sec” to go to the section A of
 the dictionary.
8.If word does not start with A then use the variable “sec” to go the
 corresponding section for each letter.
9.Now that you are in the specific “sec” go to the subsection under the “sec”
10. If second letter equals A continue to the next letter. If not continue in
 alphabetical order (A-Z) till each letter of the word of the letter is covered
11. Present the final word entered by the user and prompt dictionary to define
 word
12. Present definition of the word.

Question 3

1. Obtain word from user
2. Set variable x to equal word
3. Set variable y to equal word backwards
4. If variable x equals variable y then identify word as a palindrome.
5. If variable x does not equal variable y then word is not a palindrome.

Question 4

1. Gather all ingredients ( 2 cups of box mix, 1.5 cups of milk, 1 egg, and 2
 tablespoon of canola oil).
2.Get waffle iron and plug it into a power source. 
3. While waffle iron is heating pour two tablespoons on the hot waffle iron and
 wait till its fully heated (indicated by green light on waffle iron).
4. Get a bowl and crack the egg open by gently making an opening and puring the
 liquid into the bowl
5. Then pour the remaining ingredients ( 2 cups of box mix, 1.5 cups of milk) and
 stir together with a whisk or spoon till all ingredients are blended well.
6. Pour the blended mixture into the waffle iron and close lid
7. Wait about 5 minutes to let batter bake and carefully remove waffle after 5
 minutes or till its colored golden brown
8. Place waffle on a plate ready to be eaten.
